hey this is Glendon when making money
with storage unit auctions the type of
today's segment the rim shop and not
that type of realm it's so nasty
this is a unit that I initially regret
it by together that you all open up the
door and it's clearly a man's unit
there's crap all over the place those
greasy tools and when the door was
opened a bag full of lugs fur you know
your tire they fell all over the floor
and just rather all over the place there
was only five of us there out of the
five there was three chicks that the
chicks was like oh hell no so that left
me and they'll do they were looking at
the unit we're looking at the unit and
like I said there there's like gasoline
jugs there are 1 gallon milk jugs that
yellow because there's something in it
and there's clearly oil leaking from
something and he's looking that and he's
like I don't know about this I don't
thinking ok I'll lug nuts
it may be an engine in there there could
be but it looked really really
unorganized it looked like Eileen from
hell and being Newhall that could be a
surprise I started the bidding off for
50 bucks and do looks like hey you know
I'm a man I'm hero bed you know you get
people like that that don't know what
the hell I'm doing and they're just like
I'm gonna bid because he's bidding
that's what the case at 150 he went 60
then I went 70 he went 80 and Dale was
like can we go you know can I get 100
and I'm like he went a hundred and I
went 125 and it was like 150 and on and
on so several business leader and for
375 dollars I have myself a room I
thought that 50 bucks couldn't lose
but this is the power you know when
their folks there who just I hate he's
been done so I get the room putting a
lock on it and there's this feeling of
dread because I had the different kind
of clientele know people buy different
stuff based on who they sell to and my
clients weren't buying crap like that
but I was like what the hell you know
what if push come to shove I know a guy
I've been just sell it to I'll just say
hey you know 250 is yours
I'll take $225 loss go up and pay and
this is at the last property of that day
and have my truck and I was like I'm not
supposed to start loading this crap and
I really hated putting nasty stuff in
the truck because typically you have to
wash it out afterwards go to the car
wash H because you you just it just
works out better that way to keep your
vehicle clean because when you get some
nice clean new stuff the last thing you
want to do is screw it up loading it
onto your truck so I'm pulling stuff out
and it's just not looking good I pull
out some more stuff more lug nuts nuts
just pop out all over the place I'm like
here we go and this being u-haul
and for those of you are in Atlanta I
don't know if they do the other
properties but you all has a funny way
of building units sometimes if you're
going room and it's supposed to be a 10
by 10 sometimes it'll split off and
there's a 10 by 10 with 10 my tent here
10 by 10 so it's like 10 by 30 and
that's a tea or they'll go and hook to
the left or the right on the L shape
which makes it like a 10 by 20 10 by 25
and they're usually short well I get in
there and I'm pulling that stuff and I
hit the wall and I see it hooks I'm like
oh hell more for me the hall so
after about 10 feet of crap a lot yeah
crap to me I could sell it because in my
mind I was like hey this may be 200 250
and scrap because there was not one
engine in there that was six up but the
is me being stupid I'm like I'll take a
scrap I didn't know what those engines
were so I got the engines and I've got
them lined out because fairly strong and
I managed to muscle them up on my float
so there's a four wheel dollies and this
is something else if you're gonna buy
new dollies get the heavy duty ones
don't buy that crap from you line or a
Granger that stuff's cheap it will break
on you but down there I've got three
engines and they're over there and you
know I'll cover the grease and stuff but
it doesn't matter cuz everything in that
was jacked up another tip always carry a
change of clothes with you when you're
lonely
at least a shirt you know because is
nothing worse than going into a
restaurant looking like a hillbilly but
if you're hungry you'll just do it or
you know you may drop your neck Donald's
but the thing is if you're in the big
truck you still have to get out so I'm
going there pulled up the stuff and then
I hear some people and like damn that's
a 350 block I was like oh he'll let me
go out here and that's this guy he's
loading up some stuff and he's thing
whoa got some nice engines here in me
you know being ignorant but like I'm not
gonna little
didn't at the point I didn't know
engines you know how some people could
look at the engine tell you exactly what
this that wasn't me and I was like you
know nice engine he's like God man you
know
oh she's runyan five six hundred bucks
really and I have three of them I was
like oh yeah you were in the bottom ooh
what would you give me for all three
stop yeah 18 Hertz
mm easy those are they're in great
condition this has been reworked this
has been changed over this has been
fixed so at that point you know talk to
it a little bit then I go back in to the
unit and do my little happy dance
because I am thrilled now I am extremely
thrilled it's like Oh didn't know had no
clue so at that point I've just decided
I'm gonna low the money under the truck
so get the hinges on the truck and this
woman told me you know when you buy
yourself you figure out ways to load the
truck so I got the engine side all the
way at the front of the truck and I've
got all of the junk that I'm gonna just
pretty much kick off at the dump
toward the end so I'm going back in
there and I hit that L and then there's
all these cartons nothing but cartons
and that's like huh
I don't know that is you know those are
real boxes every box had a brand new Ram
in it you know they weren't spinners
they weren't like you know high in rims
but there was 25 complete set of rims in
those boxes
you know I was selling them for you know
250 300 bucks it you know this is like a
union that this is a unit that look like
hell this is something that I initially
did not one but that's how it goes in a
storage auction game you know sometimes
you win but if you know what you're
doing there's a lot of times you that's
how it goes in the storage auction game
sometimes you lose a lot of times you
win it all depends on if you know what
you're doing all right this is Glendon
we're making money with storage unit
auctions